---
layout: intro
title:  "Volume 11: Introduction"
volume: 11
chapter: 0
categories: volume11
---

Heyyyyyyyyyyyyy there,

It's been 15 months since [Volume 10](https://internetgirlfriend.club/volume10/0.html) hit the web and almost exactly five years since this zine popped into existence! I have a good foundation for rolling up Volume 12 and a few leads, but I can only make new volumes if you spread the word, submit stories, or beg your friends to go through their personal archives and [submit something/anything](/cfp)!  
  
Did the recent [Neopets data breach](https://kotaku.com/neopets-hacker-breach-data-pets-bitcoin-theft-crime-1849315409) trigger a distant memory? Have your parents gone through a decluttering phase and asked you to retrieve your internet pen pal letters? Is the "indie sleaze" revival taking you back to the days of uploading pictures from a [digital camera](https://pointerpointer.com/)?  
  
Okay, that's enough pleading. And thank you to everyone who has submitted something over these past 5 years. Onto this edition!  
  
This volume is a bit of a rollercoaster. Maybe one of those old wooden ones that really swing you around. We've got a big bit of [Beatle-mania](/volume11/1.html) (and you might learn some new things), some troubling [thoughts and/or actions](/volume11/2.html), [a hilarious tale to cut through your heart](/volume11/3.html), and some confounding parallels between real life and [garfield](/volume11/4.html). Like most volumes, there's always at least one [misunderstanding](/volume11/5.html). Finally, there's [so much left unsaid](/volume11/6.html) and you'll have to use your imagination and wonder what happened.  
  
STAY C@@L,  
  
  
Your editor, Ashley

<div class="showcase center">
  {% for post in site.volume11 %}
    <div class="showcase-item"><a href="{{ post.url }}">{{ post.chapter }}</a></div>
  {% endfor %}
</div>
