---
layout: post
title:  "Furry Road"
volume: 5
chapter: 3
categories: volume5, narrative
---

Author: Travis

<hr/>

High school is fucking weird. This is certainly not a unique sentiment to the hallowed pages of Internet Girlfriend. High school, however, is way more bizarre if you find yourself stuck on a military base. Constantly moving and relocating (even within the same city) means finding oneself having to embrace new friends and relationships on a rotating basis. If I had possessed some degree of athletic or musical talent this may not have been a huge deal. If I had come from a cool military base like the ones at Stuttgart or Okinawa I could have leaned hard on that, however, I came from Fort Carson and realized that the difference between Colorado and Georgia was distinct and took all of middle school to unwind those complexities. As such, high school was my chance to redefine myself and become edgy with a clear commitment to sticking it to the establishment, even if doing so was still deeply beholden to capitalism. After all, I was listening to both Thursday and 3 Libras, how could I not be cooler than my friends who were still singing the praises of Linkin Park and Puddle of Mudd. While I walked about the mall and popped into Hot Topic, both aware of its commodified irony and still wanting desperately to have my own fishnet sleeves and neon green/black bondage pants, I realized that being edgy goth was maybe outside of my limitations. Hiding the fact that I was wearing black t-shirts and zip away pants that were bought from some combination of the nearest Walmart and the Post Exchange (PX), I thought myself to be hip to being anti-establishment. In all actuality, I was just another frustrated teen whose social angst was directed at the straw man that is the popular kids. This animosity was easy enough to direct at others because I went to a school in Augusta, GA that managed to have in its attendees both the richest trust fund, Masters golf watching kids of the town and students who continue to face degrees of abject poverty that were well beyond those experienced by the child of an active duty military member. I say this to say that I could find myself justified in being frustrated at the well-off rich kids, but was fully aware that I was not in any way warranted to call myself poor, in fact, I had comprehensive health care, which is something I now realize was a great resource, if way too late. It is not an overstatement to say that I was in an odd time in my life and given this I sought out other people living in the same transitory, faux rebellious existence that i was. 

This took a lot of different iterations. My later years of high school involved me being committed to the emo, tight sweater scene while inexplicably trying to pretend to be a football player. In my earlier high school years I was playing Dungeons and Dragons and wearing any skull-based jewelry I could find while asserting myself to be a devout Catholic. I existed in a space of oxymoronic nonsense that I kinda wish I could tap back into, but also sooooooo deeply loathe.  Making sense of my identity was as bit of a mess. The internet, of course, did not help. Between mundane AIM chats and scouring the limited offerings of Newgrounds I was always fond of a new means to dump hours into sitting in front of the computer. As a bit of context, I spent countless hours playing Diablo 2 and Baldur’s Gate liking the idea that I was sharing in a fantasy game world with other nerds, but also not taking any effort in connecting with the people playing the games. I wanted something a bit more communal in nature and without the constant grinding and fighting needed to be engaged in MMORPGs. In stepped a friend, we can call him John for sake of anonymity. John was definitely more odd than I am and would have been what one would call a geek by any definition of the word. He liked RPGs, he had absolutely bizarre tastes in music (Gaellic folks songs if I remember correctly), and was a military kid like me. We had different interests for sure, but our baseline similarities were far more similar than they were divergent. When he recommended something, I would at least give it a spin before dismissing it completely. So when John came to me with a rad new MMORPG (more accurately a MMOSG) called Furcadia, I could not wait to give it a spin. He told me, and I remember this with some specifics, that it was basically the same thing as Diablo 2, but with animals. Intrigued I went home, jumped on our dial-up, paused whatever I may have been pulling off of Kazaa and went head first into the world that was Furcadia.
At first glance it really was a bit like Diablo 2, tons of medieval architecture and Old English signage. However, the immediate realization was that I was not merely encouraged to play within the world of Furcadia as an anthropomorphic animal, but was limited to doing so. According to a contemporary Google search I could have played the game as any of the following: Rodent (self explantory); Equine (horse); Feline (cat); Canine (dog); Musteline (weasel?); Lapine (bunny); Squirrel; Bovine (cow); Ursine (bear OR panda); Bugge (insect); and allegedly a Hyooman (human or elf). In my introduction to the game, I do not recall anything below the first four characters, but I was also playing the game in like 2002 or 2003, seven years into its existence, but well before its peak. Nonetheless, the limits of the character choices were not a deal breaker and I picked an all red Feline named Sivart [my name backwards like a real badass] and joined in. Having never played Second Life at this point in my life, I was a bit unsure of what to do once I entered Furcadia since it was NOT like Diablo 2 in the sense that I couldn’t repeatedly kill goblins and other beasts and call it a day. In Furcadia, I had to interact with other ‘people.’ [TALK ABOUT MY REPEATED ENCOUNTERS AT A FURCADIA BAR WITH NOT BEING ANIMAL ENOUGH]



<style>
#main {  
  background-image: url("/assets/img/fur-bg.gif");
  background-repeat: repeat; 
  background-color: hsla(0,0%,100%,0.5);
  background-blend-mode: overlay;
}
</style>
